Add documentation for SAML configuration testing and Azure support (#1465)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/single-sign-on/azure.html.md

---
layout: "cloud"

> page_title: "Azure - Singlge Sign-On - Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "Azure AD - Single Sign-On - Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise"
```

As above, let's make use of Azure AD.

---

-> **Note:** Single sign-on is a paid feature, available as part of the **Business** upgrade package. [Learn more about Terraform Cloud pricing here](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing/).

# Single Sign-on: Azure

The Azure SSO integration currently supports the following SAML features:

- Service Provider (SP)-initiated SSO
- Identity Provider (IdP)-initiated SSO
- Just-in-Time Provisioning

> ## Configuration (Azure ) Part 1:a

Reviewer: I'll get @nfagerlund's input here, but I feel that this approach using parts doesn't map to the way we do things elsewhere in the documentation, unless it is a new convention I'm unaware of.

-> **Note:** Azure is rolling out a new interface for setting up Enterprise Applications. If you are using the new Azure UI, see the section below, headed as `Configuration (Azure ) 1:b`

1. In your desired Azure AD Directory, navigate to the Enterprise Applications page and create a "+ New Application".
2. Select the non-gallery application option.
3. Give your application a name and click "Add."

## Configuration (Azure) Part 1:b

1. In your desired Azure AD Directory, navigate to the Enterprise Applications page and create a "+ New Application".
2. locate and select the "+ Create your own appliction" option.
3. In the resulting sidebar, name your application, and select the option, "Integrate any other application you don't find in the gallery" and click "Create" at the bottom of the page.

## Configuration (Azure) Part 2

1. Under the "Getting Started" section, select "Set up single sign on."
2. Select the SAML option
3. You should now see a 5 part set up list. Ignore step 1 for now, we will come back to that.
4. Edit step 2, "User Attributes & Claims"
    1. Select the required Name ID claim.  Ensure that its name identifier format is "Email address".

>     * If you plan on using Terraform Clouds SAML team management, add a new claim.

Reviewer: I feel we should skip this from the initial setup steps. We should focus on getting them using SSO as quickly as possible and if they wish to manage teams it can be in additional documentation.

    1. There is a lot of freedom on how you name and source the value of this claim.
    1. We recomoned naming it "MemberOF", leaving the namespace blank, and potentially sourcing `user.assignedroles` as an easy starting point.
    * If you plan to make use of SAML to set usernames, add a new claim.
    1. Again, the options here are numerous, flexible, and fairly arbitrary.
    1. We recomend naming the claim "Username", leaving the namespace blank, and sourcing something like `user.displayname` or `user.mailnickname`.
5. Select "Add a certificate", located in item 3 of the list.
    1. Import or create a certificate.
    1. If the certificate is not listed as active, use the meatball menu to its right to set it to active.
    1. Set Signing option to Sign SAML response and assertion.
    1. Set Signing Algorithm to SHA-256
    1. Save this.

> 6. After saveing certificate settings you should now see a copyable field in step 3 labeled "App Federation Metadata Url".  Copy that!  You're ready to head over to your organization in Terraform Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. After saving certificate settings you should now see a copyable field in step 3 labeled "App Federation Metadata Url". Copy that! You're ready to head over to your organization in Terraform Cloud.
```

I'm torn on `copyable`, but will leave that up to others to weigh in on.

    ![sso-setup](../images/sso/setup.png)

3. Select "Azure" and click "Next".

    ![sso-wizard-choose-provider-azure](../images/sso/wizard-choose-provider-azure.png)

4. Provide your App Federation Metadata URL.

    ![sso-wizard-configure-settings-azure](../images/sso/wizard-configure-settings-azure.png)

5. If you are planning to use the Username or Team Managment feature, be sure to set your attribute names to match the claims you configured in Azure. If you followed the recomended claims configuration in Azure, you shouldn't need to change anything here.
    * If you did use a different claim name or added a namespace, change the related attribute name to match the form `<claim_namespace/claim_name>`.

6. Save, and you should see a completed Terraform Cloud SAML configuration.

7. Copy Entity ID and Assertion Consumer Service URL.

## Configuration (Azure) Part 3

Returning to the SAML configuration page for your custom enterprise application in Azure:

1. Edit step 1, "Basic SAML Configuration"
2. Provide the copied Entity ID  and Asserion Consumer Service URL from Terraform Cloud.
3. Save.

You should now be ready to test and enable your configuration in Terraform Cloud.

> ## Testing (Terraform Cloud)

Reviewer: I feel like this section could be moved upwards to the index page. If folks want to know more about testing it should be the generic sense and only specifics should land here.
